PIWG New Blood - dwa słowa o tym, że nic nie wiadomo (#1320)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/piwg/2008-08-06-piwg-new-blood.md

city = "Skórcz"
+++

> This was an early backyard show by [Pomerania Indy Wrestling Group](@/o/piwg.md), held in Skórcz. Nothing is known about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was an early backyard event by [Pomerania Indy Wrestling Group](@/o/piwg.md), held in Skórcz. Other than the date and place, no other info is available.
```
